Custom domains (#115)
madewithkoji/docs: src/asciidoc/docs/publish/customDomains.adoc

Koji has several root domains that you can use at no cost and with no additional configuration, including:

* withkoji.com
* koji.sh
* koji.game

You can create a custom domain by appending a Koji root domain to a subdomain of your choosing.
For example, if you append ".koji.game" to "myvideogame", your custom domain name will be `+++myvideogame.koji.game+++`.

You can also use a domain name that you purchase from somewhere like *Google Domains* or *Namecheap*.
Then you can make your domain name almost anything you want it to be.
For example: `+++thenextgreatvideogame.com+++`.

[NOTE]
You can assign only one Koji subdomain to a Koji.
If you've already assigned a subdomain and you want to change it, follow the steps for <<_releasing_a_domain, releasing a domain>>.
Then you can assign the new one.
You can assign as many domains as you want to a Koji if they are domains you own.

== Using a subdomain with a Koji root domain

. Open the Koji and click the *Koji* button.
. Go to *Settings > Custom domains*.
. Click *New*.
. Select *Subdomain*.
. Click *Next*.
. Select a *root domain*.

> . Enter the name that you want to come before the subdomain.

Reviewer: Enter the subdomain...

= Using custom domains
:page-slug: custom-domains
:page-description: How to configure your Koji to use a custom domain.

You can assign a custom domain name to your Koji after publication.
A custom domain can have the advantage of being easier to remember, and it usually just looks better.

> Custom domains are about where you want to serve the experience.

Reviewer: The first sentence of the intro is improved. Overall, the intro could still use a stronger explanation of the "what" and "why" of using a custom domain to serve your Kojis. Be more direct and informative, similar to how you rewrote the "testing templates" intro to provide more context. What does it mean to use a custom domain? Why would you do it? Here's an example of a well-written [explanation of subdomains for GoDaddy users](https://www.godaddy.com/help/what-is-a-subdomain-296). The topic and audience are not the same as our page, of course, but I thought it might inspire some ideas.

> Koji has a few subdomains that you can use at no cost and with no additional configuration, including:

Reviewer: These are the domains that Koji owns. You can use a subdomain on these domains. Subdomains and domains are used inaccurately here and in the first procedure. E.g., step 7 talk about the "name that you want to come before the subdomain." That name _is_ the subdomain, and it comes before the Koji-owned root domain. Clean up the references in both places.

= Using custom domains
:page-slug: custom-domains
:page-description: How to configure your Koji to use a custom domain.

When you're ready to go live with your template, you might want to use a custom domain name in place of the name provided by Koji.
A custom domain can have the advantage of being easier to remember, and it usually just looks better.

> Koji has a few subdomains that you can use at no cost and with no additional configuration.

Reviewer: I believe that Koji has several domains, and allows you to create custom subdomains on them. Verify and fix here and in subsequent text, if necessary.

> These include:

Reviewer: Grammar note... "these" and "this" should specify what they are referring to. In this case, I think you can get rid of "these" entirely, and simply make the lead-in part of the previous sentence. E.g., "... no additional configuration, including:"

* withkoji.com
* koji.sh
* koji.game

You can also use a domain name that you purchase from somewhere like *Google Domains* or *Namecheap*.

== Using a Koji subdomain

. Open the Koji and click the Koji button.

. Go to *Settings > Custom domains*.

> . If you have already configured a domain and want to change it, follow the steps for <<_releasing_a_domain>> and then come back to this step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. If you have already configured a domain and want to change it, follow the steps for <<_releasing_a_domain, releasing a domain>>.
. Click *New*.
```
This is a contextual reference, so we should format it as such. Also, it's a bit confusing to say "come back to this step." It seems like the user is returned to the same place in the UI after releasing a domain, so we can just leave it at that. The next step is the same whether you have just released a domain, or not. Change in the next procedure, as well.

If you have not already configured a domain for this Koji, click *New*.

. Select *Subdomain*.

. Click *Next*.

. Select a *root domain*.

. Enter the name that you want to come before the subdomain.

. Click *Save*.
If the domain name you chose is already taken, "That domain is not available" will be displayed.
If the domain name is available, the complete domain name will be displayed.

. Click the domain name.

> You should see "Your Koji has been successfully configured to start receiving traffic from your custom domain".

Reviewer: I'm hesitant to use exact UI text here. As we've seen, it's subject to frequent change. Maybe craft something more generic to explain what the user should see.

. Click *Open* to go to the new URL.

> Your Koji should display.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your Koji should be displayed.
```
Keeps it consistent with the rest of the page. Also, display is a transitive verb.

== Using a domain you own

 . Use your domain provider's management tools to configure the appropriate DNS records.
+
[NOTE]
If you want to host your Koji on a subdomain of your custom domain name (for example, *www.mycustomdomain.com or game.mycustomdomain.com*), you need to use your domain provider's tools to add a CNAME record for that subdomain (*www* or *game*) that points to *cnames.withkoji.com*.

. Open the Koji and click the Koji button.

. Go to *Settings > Custom domains*.

. If you have already configured a domain and want to change it, follow the steps for <<_releasing_a_domain>> and then come back to this step.
If you have not already configured a domain for this Koji, click *New*.

. Select *A domain you own*.

. Click *Next*.

. Enter your complete domain name.

> . Click *save*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click *Save*.
```

The domain name should be displayed.

. Click the domain name.
You should see "Your Koji has been successfully configured to start receiving traffic from your custom domain".

. Click *Open* to go to the new URL.
Your Koji should be displayed.

> == Releasing a domain

Reviewer: Are there limits on how many domains you can use to serve a Koji? The procedures imply that you can use only one, whether it's a Koji subdomain or another domain, but it seems like I can add multiple domains in the UI. Either way, we need to clarify to reflect what limits there are, if any.

Author: Have you tried it lately? I think it might have changed.

. Open the Koji and click the Koji button.

. Go to *Settings > Custom domains*.

> . Your complete domain name should appear.

Reviewer: This is not written as a step. Steps describe an action, not a result. Try something like, "Click the domain name you want to release.

:page-slug: custom-domains
:page-description: How to configure your Koji to use a custom domain.

> When you publish a Koji, it's automatically assigned a permalink based on your user name and lives on the `+++withkoji.com+++` domain.

Reviewer: The second part of this sentence feels a bit disconnected from the first. Here's one suggestion, but feel free to try variations that might work better.
```suggestion
When you publish a Koji, it's automatically assigned a permalink, based on your user name, that lives on the `+++withkoji.com+++` domain.
```

> Example: `+++withkoji.com/~johnsmith789/my-video-game+++`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, `+++withkoji.com/~johnsmith789/my-video-game+++`.
```

You have the option of additionally serving your Koji at a custom domain.

> This can be helpful if you already own a domain that ties into your marketing strategy, or if you want to create a URL that is easier to identify or verbalize.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This option can be helpful if you already own a domain that ties into your marketing strategy, or if you want to create a URL that is easier to identify or verbalize.
```

> The custom domain feature allows you to work with an existing domain or one of our alternative root domains.

Reviewer: What does "existing domain" mean in this sentence? I'm wondering if we can remove this sentence or if it's calling out another option (other than the two presented in the page).

Author: It's calling out the option of using a Koji root domain, which isn't mentioned prior to this sentence. How about:
"The custom domain feature allows you to work with a domain you own or one of our alternative root domains."

Reviewer: Yes, I think it works without the sentence. Let's try it, and we can always change it if we get questions. Thanks!

> Koji has several root domains that you can use at no cost and with no additional configuration, including:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Koji has several root domains that you can use at no cost, including:
```
What do you think of removing that phrase?

Your Koji should be displayed.

=== Configuring DNS records

If you want to host your Koji on a subdomain of your custom domain name (for example, `+++www.mycustomdomain.com+++` or `+++game.mycustomdomain.com+++`), you will need to use your domain provider's tools to add a CNAME record for that subdomain (www or game) that points to `+++cnames.withkoji.com+++`.

If you want your Koji to be served from the root domain name (`+++mycustomdomain.com+++`), you need to add an *A record* for the domain's root that maps it to Koji's *IP block*:

151.101.1.78 +
151.101.65.78 +
151.101.129.78 +
151.101.193.78 +

If you are configuring a root domain via *A records*, it is also recommended to configure *AAAA records* to support *IPv6*.
Koji's *IPv6 block* is:

2a04:4e42::334 +
2a04:4e42:200::334 +
2a04:4e42:400::334 +
2a04:4e42:600::334 +
2a04:4e42:800::334 +
2a04:4e42:a00::334 +
2a04:4e42:c00::334 +
2a04:4e42:e00::334 +

Different domain providers have different tools for managing DNS records, and some of those tools are more complex than others.
If you have questions about how to configure your domain's DNS records, please connect with us on *Discord* and someone will be happy to help.

> Managed subdomains (`+++withkoji.com+++`, `+++koji.sh+++`, and `+++koji.game+++`) automatically manage HTTPS termination.

Reviewer: This information seems important but a bit hidden and/or out of place. Does this information belong in the Koji root domain section? Or, is it applicable to both sections?

> This means that your Koji's traffic is secured with HTTPS, but your app itself does not require any special configuration, like listening on both ports 80 and 443, serving certificates and managing certificate lifecycle and renewal, and dealing with mixed-security content.

Reviewer: Change app to application.
